How dare you hit me?
Criminals
Should hit
Smiling Buddha, you are determined to find trouble today
You are looking for trouble
I think the Nine Clans have forgotten
Forgot what is the common master of the world
The Dragon Lord of Kyushu met my ancestors today
Not kneeling
Kneel to him, even if your Tianlong Hall is no longer what it used to be
You don't have to find anyone to be a princess
Princess Kyushu is long gone
This decade
Kyushu has developed under the treatment of our nine ethnic groups
Work with your Tianlong Temple
Now is the era of the nine clans
What an era of nine clans
If it wasn't for the Lord's favor to your nine clans
Can you have today?
Don't put gold on your face
Our nine clans can have today
It's up to us.
Smiling Buddha, I really want to connect your family to the Internet
Let you take a good look at the current Kyushu
Whose world is it?
Exactly.
Three points to your Tianlong Palace
But don't take yourself too seriously.
Give you face
You are Venerable Tianlong
Don't give you face
You are nothing.
Hahahaha what are you laughing at
I laugh at your ignorance and self-righteousness
Today, the nine clans really opened my eyes
Ordinary lives below the robe of the moon ancestor
Swarm of ants
I want to turn the sky upside down
Fox, who are you calling an ant?
you
What else?
Back then, your nine clans
Not even qualified to kneel and lick the Tianlong Palace
What is not an ant
Royal children's nine clan banquet
It's not your turn to make trouble here
It's you.
Tianlong Hall has long since fallen
Our nine clans win Kyushu
Don't be afraid of him
Today I am the Chen family of the Northern Zhou Dynasty
No longer submit to Tianlong Hall
I, the Liu family of the Western Zhou Dynasty, no longer submit to the Tianlong Hall
My Lanzhou Feng family no longer submits to Tianlong Hall
No longer submit to Tianlong Hall Tianlong Hall